hi I'm captain TV gray and I'm
the capital for the real action
here in a dress village and I'm
going to take it to a
walkthrough of the boat
she is a 77 Stapleton and she
was built in miami florida and
she was built for more about
cruising kind of boat
she's like a Cadillac that's my
beanbag chair when I make Dida
she kind of sets here watches
plates chills out on on the
beanbag chair because it was my
outside helm station i use this
when we have a fish on back here
i can see the line where the
fish is going if he's trying to
get out of the boat I can throw
the button gear and kind of bump
it ahead
this is a tube and this is where
we brine or tunis when we get
them in the boat
you kind of get my icy water
bath kind of total Miranda
couple times and give us that
gelled up nice and nice and
thick
this is this fishing gear in
here we keep our squid bars and
we keep Louise and down riggers
and this is our safety gear for
the Coast Guard whenever we do
an inspection we have our life
jackets survival suits first a
kid's players back here we keep
our ice in here for fishing
stuff in here shovels for the
ice crimpers Billy's extra
spools for the greenstick and
come on inside I'll show you the
cabin got a little fridge here
little mini-fridge we keep our
snacks mayonnaise lunchmeat
Thomas have a little bait
freezer ever hear keep her bait
value and some macaroni cheese
nothing like macaroni and cheese
it tastes like value this is my
electronics my home station
autopilot temperature gauge it's
my favorite flatter my daughter
paula is a reason why matter
every day this is my bottom
machines got to bond machine
this is for deepwater it was for
not so deep water radar two
radios and have speakers for the
radio is outside so them outside
were fighting fish I can still
hear what's going on down below
this is a little galley on here
not much to it we've got some
crackpots and some frying pans
in there if we really want to
get creative in the kitchen
doesn't happen much is the four
bunks where we can sleep
comfortably or we can pile rods
up either two-bathroom family we
don't want to use much it's
kinda more for storage
we prefer buckets everything you
need on a boat pretty clunky
boat
thanks for coming and I guess
we'll be out there on the water